I wanted to do a very brief apartment
tour obviously there is no furniture
here because I literally just moved in
but I think it would be really cool to
do a before and after comparison so this
is the brief overview of my empty
apartment and I'm also going to
apologize if I shake it all during this
video I had a lot of coffee at work
today and that makes me really jittery
so I'm gonna try to hold the camera as
steady as possible so this is the view
when you first walk in and the first
thing I'm gonna say right off the bat is
that I hate the lighting in here so
that's the first thing I'm going to
change but this is the living room and
this is the dining room or let's be real
dining area I don't think this is big
enough to classify as a legit room and
then if you look this way you can see
the kitchen actually this is the view of
the living room from the dining room and
again that light just looks so weird
but this is the kitchen and that closet
has the washer and dryer so nothing too
interesting and obviously I already have
the essentials in my fridge I clearly
need to go grocery shopping and so that
is the kitchen so now we are turning
into the bedroom and again lighting is
not really that great but I like the
amount of space that I have and this is
the window it's nighttime right now so
that's why I'm not opening windows and
right here is what is supposed to be a
walk-in closet where I
they can't walk in right now but I've
never had a walk-in closet before and
I'm gonna be honest with you guys I
probably don't have an episode to fill
it all but I do have a lot of other
random stuff like craft supplies that is
the walk-in closet which by the way is
about the size of my college dorm room
so and that's not even really me
exaggerating anyway last but not least
you've got the bathroom which gives you
more standard bathroom I still need to
go out and get a shower curtain but that
is the bathroom I have yet to actually
use it and yeah if you go back through
this door I can open it we're back to
the beginning so this is the empty
apartment tour I hope you enjoyed that
first little sneak peek at my apartment
and if you want to see what I do with it
next don't forget to subscribe you can
also follow me on Twitter Instagram and
Pinterest right now I have to go finish
building furniture and hopefully getting
that TV off of the floor but I will see
you guys very soon in episode 2 bye guys